Olivia Hye: Guys, I've prepared something
Olivia Hye: (Throw)
(The thing she prepared today is a slime!)
Choerry: I really love it!
Olivia Hye: Look, bunch of people have gathered around here....
Olivia Hye: They told me 'it's boring' at first, but look, they're here
Chuu: It's complete!
Olivia Hye: What is this?
Chuu: A leaf!
Olivia Hye: Leaf?
Yves: It's my heart for our Orbit~
Chuu: Looks bad~
(Other members ignored it, but Yves looked so confident about her heart!)
(Choerry made a slime shaped like a star!)
Yves: It's a house for Patrick Star!
(Yves 'the master of a joke' can make a joke anytime she wants!)
Choerry: Why don't you make Spongebob?
Yves: Okay!
Yves: Spongebob~
Yves: (Proud) I made it~
Go Won: This? Serious?
Go Won: You're so mean....
Olivia Hye: All the square things are Spongebob?
(So full of confidence)
Vves: Of course!
OIivia Hye: The 1st place goes to that person
Yves: Yay~
(Yves made a slime well like a fried egg on the Kimchi fried rice)
YeoJin: That's my meal...
Choerry: Hey, YeoJin~
(The older members made chopsticks for YeoJin's meal)
Choerry: Chopsticks~
Yves: (Too much) This is a map!
JinSoul: I want to eat a Haemul Pajeon
(Seafood and Green Onion Pancake)
Yves: (Too mcuh again) This is a Haemul Pajeon!
Olivia Hye: This episode is done
(Olivia Hye realized where is the cutting point of LOOΠΔ TV!)
Olivia Hye: Because I think they have nothing more to say